Well, we definitely have fixed up some of these concurrency issues, but as usual, I'm still not entirely
happy with our implementation.
I think there are one or two things that we could definitely improve upon.
The first thing I want to point out inside of our ticket update listener, we've got this really ugly
query here now.
So you've got to find one where we have to add in this somewhat complicated set of filters, as you
can imagine, duplicating this around to a bunch of other listeners in the future would start to get
really tiring really quickly.
Not only is there this kind of mysterious underscore ID where we've been trying to stick to this ID
convention quite a bit, but we also have this data version minus one, and it's really likely, in
my opinion, that some other engineers are going to look at this minus one at some point in time and
say, Why would we subtract minus one?
Let's dump that.
And if we did that, everything would start to break.
So putting the minus one in here, I don't really like having to break out these two separate properties
of ID and version.
Also not great.
Long story short, I think we can do better than this.
So we're going to build a little helper method on our ticket model directly.
This ticket model is going to take in this entire data object right here and then essentially do the
exact same query.
But we're just going to kind of wrap everything else, everything up and hide away these nasty implementation
details such as underscore ID and data, version minus one.
So to get started, instead of my order service, I'll find the models directory tickets.
Well, then find my ticket model.
Here's the ticket model interface, to be precise.
We're going to add in a new method directly to the model itself that's going to just facilitate us in
doing a query for a ID plus a version.
So inside of here, inside the ticket model interface, I'm going to add in a new query method.
We'll call it.
How about find by event?
Not the best name, really?
Maybe there's a better name.
I don't really want to call it find by ID and version because we're not really finding by version,
we're doing a find by ID and previous version.
And so that would lead us to a name of something like that, which is just way too long, in my opinion.
It certainly is clear about what's going on, but I don't know.
So I'm going to just stick with find by event.
And the assumption here is that I'm going to pass in some kind of event or data object.
This method will pull off the ID and version properties, subtract one from the version and use that
to run the same query we had written just a moment ago.
So let's say that this is going to receive some kind of event ish object, and I'll just put a type
annotation for it right here directly in line.
I'll say that whatever we pass in must have an ID.
That is a string.
Any version that is a number.
And then from this, we're going to return.
A promise.
That is going to resolve with either a ticket doc or null.
That's how we would express that.
So we will either actually find a ticket document or we won't find anything matching this ID and version
criteria.
That would be our annotation for the return type.
So now to actually implement this method, we'll scroll down a little bit.
We already went through this process with the build method.
All we have to do is add a new function to this static object.
So I'll add in ticket schema dot statics dot find by event.
And we'll write out our implementation.
So this will take that same kind of data object or event object, whatever we want to call it.
All that matters is that it has an ID that is a string.
And a version that is a number.
Then inside of here, all we're really going to do is run the same query we had just put together inside
of our listener.
So I will return.
Ticket.
Find one.
We're going to look for underscore ID equal to event ID.
And a version equal to version minus one.
Ask any event person.
That's better.
And that should be it.
So I'll save this file.
I'm then going to go back over to our listener.
And now we can clean up this query right here and hide away these kind of nasty details.
So we're going to turn this entire thing into a weight ticket dot bind by event.
And I'll pass in that data object like so.
Oh, we should probably do another quick test.
So I'm going to save this and once again go through the process of creating a ticket and updating it.
Alternatively, we could just try to make another update to the ticket we had made an update to.
Just a moment ago.
I think that would actually be the best because now we can actually test and make sure everything works
with incrementing version numbers as well.
So I've still got the previous ticket I had created actually.
You know what?
I don't personally, because I just deleted all my tickets in the last video.
Too bad for me, but for you.
Absolutely.
You can try to make the same post request and then go back over to scaffold and make sure that everything
got processed without any errors.
So for me personally, I'm going to have to create very quickly a new ticket.
But the idea and make my update and I'll make a second update just so it's similar to what you're doing.
So now I should have two updates that have been processed successfully.
If I go back over to Scaffold, I will see down here.
Fantastic.
I got a message received of to get created and then a ticket updated and a ticket updated.
And very critically I don't see any errors, which means everything still works as expected.
Cool.
All right.
Well, this is definitely a good improvement and something that I think we'll probably carry through
to other scenarios where we need to select a record by its version as well.
So let's take a pause right here.
There's one other thing I want to mention around this implementation in just a moment.